docs(graphql): `interface resolvers` section (#2093)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/graphql/interfaces.md

}
```

#### Interface resolvers

So far, using interfaces, you could only share field definitions with your objects. If you also want to share the actual field resolvers implementation, you can create a dedicated interface resolver, as follows:

```typescript
import { Resolver, ResolveField, Parent, Info } from '@nestjs/graphql';

@Resolver(type => Character) // Reminder: Character is an interface
export class CharacterInterfaceResolver {
  @ResolveField(() => [Character])
  friends(
    @Parent() character, // Resolved object that implements Character
    @Info() { parentType }, // Type of the object that implements Character
    @Args('search', { type: () => String }) searchTerm: string,
  ) {

>     // Get character's friends
>     return friendsFromDB;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Get character's friends
    return [];
```

  }
}
```

> Now the `friends` query is applied on all objects that implement the `Character` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the `friends` query is auto-registered for all object types that implement the `Character` interface.
```

}
```

> ##### Interface resolvers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Interface resolvers
```

So far, using interfaces, you could only share field definitions with your objects. If you also want to share the actual field resolvers implementation, you can create a dedicated interface resolver, as follows:

> To do so, create a resolver and point its type to the interface, then define your methods using the `@ResolveField` decorator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
